['And your point is...........?', 'http://crooksandliars.com/files/imagecache/post_medium/images/17/03/horsey_cartoon_dg_post.jpg', "Have three more kids and you'll have your own school. Talk about the American dream. Live it? You'll be running it.", "According to some previous articles, Airbus has the option to buy the remaining shares if the C Series is successful, so don't plan on seeing any sharing of profits!", 'Correct my typo in the second to last line to say approximately 10 billion.',
'The only thing that those NEW Alaska Airlines seats benefit is their "Bottom Line" not yours!  It was bad before Recaro leather seats but now with no support or padding now it is just down right painful to fly.  I equate it to sitting on that 10 year old lawn chair with the webbing eaten up by the elements.   And don\'t get me going on seat pitch and leg room but feel free to jump in.', '"Pretending Americans are not prepared for the yet to be proven negative consequences of these actions is
foolhardy on your part."\n\nPerhaps you could reference some of those preparations for us - Obviously NOT these Farmers  \n\nhttps://www.nytimes.com/2017/02/09/us/california-farmers-backed-trump-but-now-fear-losing-field-workers.html?_r=0\n\nhttp://modernfarmer.com/2017/02/migrant-farm-workers-the-high-cost-of-cheap-labor/', 'the province has ZERO control over cheap money, loose lending, or irrational consumer behaviour.....if you want to control runaway prices in the City of Toronto (and
increase funding for infrastructure) the property taxes should rise.....Toronto residents have been getting a FREE ride for far to long.....no reason that homes in TO should each lay a poll tax of no less than $12k a year.', "and don't forget to deduct their winnings from any money that band gets from the BC or Canadian government.", 'You would think. Maybe they figured that overstating the numbers by more than 1000% was a bridge to far, and 63000 people sounds like a lot. \nFun fact, most
Canadians using US medical services use them for acute emergencies while here on vacation or business.', 'juggalo town frown', 'No - I was referencing the verse GBA posted above. If Trump were guilty of those things there is a process in place to prove it, which may or may not happen. There are some speculations which may have some substances, but he has not been caught red handed with anything, patience my son, patience.', 'Thank you, I apologize for the hint of irony in my question, but I was
and am interested in your answer. The account of the home invasion, if that\'s what it was, is rather confused and I can\'t tell from it whether the accused actually broke in or was admitted or invited,, just that he was accused of B&E. I can make nothing of the supposed "tampering" with the fan, the walls and the electrical system. After my experience posting on the disruptive teacher, I will refrain from commenting on or judging the appearance of the accused. He may be innocent or he may be
culpable, but of what I can not tell. I will say that after a divorce, the parties should change the locks on their doors.', 'They interpret law, with bias.  Based on what many see, its a left leaning bias.  Thankfully I had little to no exposure to the pre-law political science students in my B.Comm.  Based on the profs and ones I met, it was a pretty socially active bunch.  Thing is these quasi protestors, by the most part lean towards , rehab, accomidation and social enginnering.  They shy
away from, punishment, assimilation and freedom.  They became politicians, lawyers and judges.  These are the ones in charge of our path.  They do not represent or respond to public opinion.\n.', 'dont bother coming back.', 'please read the article.... Different parts of the Municipality pay a different tax rate specifically because they do/don\'t receive different services. These are called "service areas"', 'At a time to call for unity, you already started the divisive language.', '"Why Trump
would befriend Putin is un American ."\n\nMaybe he just wants to avoid WW3.  So far, it looks like we are on  a collision course.', "You're still off topic, Granger.", 'Hate to see something messed with that was running fine.  Why not make the necessary changes to the Girl Scouts instead?  I guess now groups can start working to remove the phrase "Duty to God and Country" from the Scout Oath.', 'You\'re kidding, right??  He\'s pretty much as much a "Danny\'s Boy" as you\'re going to find.  How
do you think he was elected to the post so many times in the face of his obvious incompetence??', 'So the person that was involved in airbus affair taking bribes...also started CEPA..OK so you guys think this would be a good deal without knowing what in it....', "Three squares, a bed, laundry service, a gym, TV, medical, dental, vision care. I bet it'll be a step up.", 'It would clearly be useful for you to do some reading in the area of genetics and specifically chromosome biology before
  tossing off opinions that are only based on a quick read of chapter headings.  There is so much more to it.', 'Never heard of da guy.  So why would I care what he does?', 'Regarding your statement "As for the \'hockey stick graph\' on temperatures ... "Most of the warming occurred in the past 35 years, with 16 of the 17 warmest years on record occurring since 2001." This is only true if you believe the data from the ground based sensors is superior to the RSS satellite data.  The satellite
  data which measures the temperature of the entire earth surface shows no warming - or very weak warming from 1998 to present (with the exception of 2016 El Nino whereas the ground based sensors show record breaking temperatures on a monthly basis.  The ground based sensors are poorly distributed around the world (heavily weighted in the Northern hemisphere), often located in heat sinks and only measure the temperature in their immediate environment.', 'how about bringing staff levels back to
  normal at safeway ?.  save money by paying yourself and your boardmembers ZERO dollars. put that back into staff at your store.  safeway used to be a helpful store, now it just has line ups.', 'No comment Raven... Sounds like ur the toe in his boot....  Good place to be, until he kiks you.  I was going to take in the Detroit Auto show next Monday,  forget that... Im not going over that border for any reason for a bit... Too dangerous.... 25,000 items lost in Florida on Friday. Think about it
  if you were there.. Lost everything,  ID, Money, everything.. Think about what you say.', 'The team is trying to fix the issues since they don\'t have that QB.  It\'s almost impossible to get the results if the QB\'s you have on staff are down near the bottom of the barrel, though.  I think the experiment with Siemian has run its course, and we now see what he is.  You\'d have to have an amazing o-line and a top notch running back to cover for his problems reading defenses and passing.  That
    amazing o-line is about as common as those boat-floating QB\'s.\n\nThere weren\'t any of those "boat floating" QB\'s available this past season, for sure.  This upcoming off season there might be a couple available.  Brees and Cousins are still on the market, right?  If I was Elway, I\'d be talking to them now...if he isn\'t already.', 'Does everything from delivering SEALS to Tomahawk Cruise Missiles and Torpedos and Mine laying.  \n\nAnd actually costing less than the submarines being
    replaced.  \n\nAnd water-jet propulsion instead of propellers!\n\nAnd check this out!\n\n"Hamptons Police Acquire Surplus Submarine"\n\nhttp://www.snopes.com/fake-news-hampton-sub/', 'With the voter fraud that was found in Detroit I would have wanted it to continue and have all involved prosecuted to the full extend of the law.', '"Just very poor taste..."\n\nI agree with that, I don\'t find her particularly that attractive either, but it seems the 2 presidents warmed up and got to know
    better each other at the G20 summit, so I very much doubt that Marcon would be insulted.\n\nhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=P9yz7GWNfBQ', 'Should we allow this couple back in the country.? It is impossible not to be suspicious.  Were they be travelling in Afghanistan as tourists or converts ?  Son of an Ottawa judge?  Go figure !', 'Every nation in the Americas has a story of ill treatment indigenous people by colonizers and later by too many independent nations.  I welcome the Chief\'s
    words.  They bode well for the future.  Here in the U.S. we took land, locked up countless tribes on reservations and still deal with so much that is wrong  Canada is at least trying and I salute you for it.\n\nThere is also another version of our "God Bless American, land that I love".  It\'s starts out "God Bless America, land that we stole" etc.  Both nations have a sordid past in this area, but can and must move forward.  Thank you again, Chief.', "Yes, it's good that the Globe published
    the interview, and that we have read the ambassador's remarks. It helps us better understand that his country's attitudes and behaviour are objectionable.", "Bikes are great for some purposes. But, try taking your kid(s) to a doctor on a bike, do MONTHLY grocery shopping on a bike. It's not an either/or equation.", "Says you? Seems to me hes been a lying, stealing fraudulent gutless person hiding behind lawyers for years. His bravado isn't hiding his fragile ego issues that need constant
    self validation. If he hadn't been born into money he'd be just another middle class whiner complaining how he couldn't catch a break and the world was against him.", 'The gypsies have its own style of life, they are born into criminal rings managed by barons. Kids are engaged in illegal activities from a very young age. There is catch 22, the people around do not accept the gypsies and to survive the gypsies isolate themselves in criminal rings, which scares the people around even more. No
    country yet was able to break this circle yet.', "I don't think there is an easy answer. I think it is bad for the people of Syria that Assad is in power. But I also know that our attempts to remove dictators have caused as much or greater misery. Which is why I support help to refugees trying to leave terrible places, and diplomatic tools (such as not selling weapons to autocratic regimes) to reduce the power of dictators.\n\nI do know I was against both Iraq wars and being mired in
    Afghanistan. Libya didn't really rise up as an issue because it was more about getting rid of a leader than putting US troops in the country, but even that has not been good. \n\nAnyway, if liberals were being sold the wars, they didn't buy it. 10% of Democrats in the Senate voted for the first Iraq invasion, and 39% of Democrats in the House voted for the second. Or, 90% and 61% against the two.", "Complete BS !!!!\n\nTrump didn't start the attack but he did finnish it. \n\nOne must muse as
    the ragging left continues to have difficulty accepting the global conservative movement that is taking place.\n\nTruly 2019 will see little potato as the last lefty standing.\n\nWe see you Marxist and we reject you, the race card isn't going to save your failed ideology!!!!!", "Oh yes I know, and the Ukrainian/Ruthenian Churches would be much larger in the USA had the Latins not been so bigoted and pigheaded.  The OCA pretty much got its start  and numbers with refugees from the Slavic
    Eastern Catholics.   St. Luke's Byzantine Catholic Church in Sugar Creek, MO was originally a Ukie Church.  In its many years of existence it went back and forth between Catholic and Russian Orthodox 3 or 4 times.  There are old photos in the parish hall from those days.  How many other parishes did the same?", '"The theory of intersectionality maintains that people are systematically oppressed by powerful groups along the lines of race, class and gender.It is a thoroughly Marxist view of
    the way the world works, and it is the core of progressive social thought today."\n\nThis has nothing to do with Marx or Marxism.  Could you at least read the Wikipedia article on Marxism?', 'All we need now is Palin and the center stage at Ringling brothers will be complete. We had better hunker dow up here and start erecting our own wall.', 'Rail or transportation experience and expertise is only needed once the guide way construction is completed. But at this time, a competent civil
    engineering project manager is what HART needs to manage construction.', 'So you are saying Harper did nothing  it so it\'s  OK for Trudeau to do nothing.  I thought "sunny days are here again" and we voted for" real change"  If Harper actions is what is guiding Trudeau we might as well have voted for him.  At least he could a budget that Turdeau said would balance itself', 'No.  An activist judge made the call.  What we need is national policy that requires all illegal aliens to be
    deported.   We also need to affirm the preamble of the US Constitution which clearly limits all provisions to "we the people."  Makes no sense to interpret the 14th Amendment as overriding the preamble.  Yet this is exactly what the Fed courts have done.', 'Baseless claims of Clintons corruption?\nHer corruption is validated in her own hand. \nTrump won because DEMs fielded a weaker opponent. \nEven they admit that.', "It's comments like these that show how little allie knows about Hawaii.
    Anyone who knows the real Hawaii knows just how good of a man Walter Dods is and what he's done for Hawaii.  FHC is just one representation of that.", 'This is what tyranny looks like.  "think like we think, do as we demand, deny your individual beliefs, standards, and morals or you are out!"\n\nThis is the "tolerance" of the Left for all to see.  They are either incapable of understanding the difference between exercising one\'s own private property rights (not allowing a gay wedding on his
    property), and selling produce to everyone, including gays, at the farmer\'s market 22 miles away, or they choose not to in order to assume that victimhood status so familiar to them.\n\nTyranny, plain and simple.', 'That photo points out part of the problem . . .', "YIKES!!! You sure have had some interesting escapades!\nWell, spiders are the things that send me into a tailspin. I don't care if they're the size of a pinhead or of a dinner plate, we are immediately in different rooms.\nI
    used to go looking for arrowheads on my in-law's farm in the Ozarks. It was wayyy off the county road with  oak, hickory and other huge trees, abandoned fields and cow pastures. Through it ran a clear creek with many deer and wild turkeys which seemed to like to fly up out of nowhere just to scare the pee-wadin out of a guy. One day I glanced down and there sat a red orb-weaver on my shirt. I doubt he has re-entered Earth's atmosphere yet!  Never did see any snakes but I know for a fact
    there were rattlers in the big old oak barn and cottonmouths by the creek. Every time it rained I found a lot of terrific arrowheads and spearheads in place next to the creek where the Osage once sat and made them.\n I will always love that old farm. It's near Quincy, Missouri.", "The GOP is too compromised and complicit to ever turn on Trump.  Party over country.  This really *is* like a dumpster fire. Let's hope it burns itself out over the next few years without setting anything else
    ablaze.  That may be the best we can hope for.", "Must say I'm a bit underwhelmed by this news.", 'This will  be very interesting.  Taking disciplinary actions for stating facts?  Nothing can be entirely negative or entirely positive.  And such as it is I find it interesting that Mmusi would pick a fight with the very person who had helped to build the DA to what it has become.  It would be like suspending/removing Mandela from the ANC back in the day.', 'While it is just a stock image,
    thank you for that information because I thought there was a 5 year old crack smoker out in the world somewhere.', "This is a guy who instead of donating his time charged charities to make speeches from day one.  Canadians don't care about that stuff, they are led to love the Trudeaus.", "Bingo, Jeff Schmitz.  There simply is no way either major party can fix the mess we are in because both of them got us into it with their zero-sum game of stopping the other party by any and all means
    rather than serving their country.  Neither party is going to give what it takes to right the ship.  The only solution is to break the stranglehold.  \n\nJohnson isn't perfect (no candidate is), but he offers a position held by millions of Americans, including myself: fiscal conservatism without the divisive social agenda.  In other words, a conservatism available to all Americans rather than a far-right ideology that's open only to those groups in society who qualify.  True conservatism is
    neither racist nor xenophobic, it's simply an approach to governing, but the Republican Party has lost touch with this understanding.\n\nJohnson got my vote in 2012, and he'll get it again in 2016.", "In your research, please look beyond that recent headline of the placemaking study and watch the video presentation on youtube.  They were quite optimistic and had very good ideas.  Their issue is that these homeless kids are dominating the streets and that has to stop.  I don't find them
    scary, just weird.  I also like going to Whitaker--another place full of characters.  But then again, there are no Fendi stores here, just local entrepreneurs and most of the places have good food and are quite busy.  Just need more of that!", 'There are no "great leaders" in Iran, just bad criminals and cult proponents and worse criminals.\nNot sure where you got your information but you need to check history.', 'More of the same hubris, different day. Lather, rinse, repeat.', 'Oh just like
    the 30000 Hilary lost....', "Another laughable piece from Saunders. Anti-Semitism among native Europeans has never disappeared, although in the recent years it is mostly manifested by left's obsession with Israel and Zionists.\nBut even with this endemic hostility, Jews were doing fine in Europe. The resurrection of  anti-Semitism as direct existential threat coincided with massive increase in Muslims in Europe.  Before that, old fashioned Antisemitism was relegated to cranks and their worst
    acts were desecrations of cemeteries or Holocaust denial.\nThe Islamic variety on the other hand brought direct threat to personal security.  And ISIS terror is not the only source.. Muslims are so hostile to the Jews, that public wearing of Jewish symbols is highly discouraged unless one wants to risk harassment and battery.  If Saunders wants to find truth the simplest test would be to ask French Jews who came to Israel why they did it.  I am sure that very few (if any) will list  National
    Front as the reason.", 'no ads no content - unless you want to pay for all those shows you pvr', "he's standing up for what America has long stood for, if you don't understand or agree with it then maybe a course in history, civics, freedom, Democracy, and basic decency is in order.", "His lost his independence because he doesn't blindly follow the anc party line? Excellent logic and reasoning.", "As long as you have a exemption on your house, i.e. That it is your primary residence, the rise
    will not affect you. Residential A properties are those assessed at more than a million bucks and have no owner occupied exemption in place. If you don't have an exemption, you should get one, its just a piece of paper to fill out. Save you $300/yr if you are under 65 and $450/yr if you are over. You can check to see if you have one at http://www.qpublic.net/hi/honolulu/search.html \n\nYou'll see a $80k exemption listed if you are under 65 and $120k if over 65\n\nHope that helps", 'the law
    requiring the study was a state law, not a city law, the city obtained approval from as state agency to do the detailed analysis in two phases which was approved.  hence, there was no intention to avoid the analysis.  it is not like they ignored the state law and just made the decision by themselves without state approval.  I am sure the state agency knew of this law but decided with reason to allow the city to do it in phases, which would allow the city to start construction.  so to say
    that the city totally ignored the state law is totally erroneous and false.  a good judge would look at the facts and rule based on the reasonableness of the issue and if there was any evil intent.  if no, the judges should come to a reasonable conclusion to mitigate any damage as a result of their decision.  this the judges did not do. their misguided decision cost the city a lot of money.  further kaleikini did not really have a standing in bringing the lawsuit.', 'Warning to
    employers....a 20 something female millennial liberal is THE SINGLE WORST EMPLOYEE YOU CAN HIRE.\n\nJust an awful work ethic, no leadership ability, self-centered and self-involved, no sense of team, no sacrifice, no extra effort, no recognition that they are in a compensated hierarchical structure that yes is not often fair.\n\nWhine, whine, complain complain.\n\nA managers nightmare in every sense\n\nDO...NOT...HIRE.', 'Getting people to label and hate each is the whole point of the
    election. A people divided distracted by non-sense are more easily controlled.', "..and realized that's not kosher. LOL", 'Yes, you are right, there is a significant difference.  Broadening voter rights enfranchises more people and the "winner take all" system of the EC disenfranchises them. You keep talking about a moral high ground as though something that is legal, constitutional and fair is ethically wrong. If SCOTUS declares the NPVIC constitutional will you change your tune?  What you
    call optimism seems to be merely an effort to hold on to an unfair advantage for as long as possible, not a particularly uplifting or morally upright position as far as I\'m concerned. You have already said that you don\'t care about disenfranchising 3 million or more people up to what seems to be an unlimited number as long as your side still wins.  If that level of unfairness doesn\'t disturb you then nothing I say here or in any other forum will change your mind.  Fortunately I believe
    there are more Americans who see democracy as a guiding principle than there are people who view unfair advantage as something to guard.', 'you were a bad newscaster also', 'This editorial reads like cold-war propaganda. "We do no wrong. It\'s all them."', 'So basically it doesnt matter to the board what they learn.  Educational malpractice.', 'I would really like to have some factual examples of  spending of people over 80.     \n\nIf these folks think that they will be maintaining their
    life style past 80 they likely would be candidates for a independent living complex which would drastically reduce their expenses.\n\nAlso if their house is worth 900 k today what will it be in 2 years when they retire.   Just a 5% /year bump makes it 992 k  and if they hang on to it for 5 years in retirement.   1.266 M   \n\nTheir property taxes will likely be going up as well as cities will be paying their part in infrastructure renewal.\n\nThere is no escalation of costs due to carbon
    tax.   In Toronto they are paying 15-20 less for gasoline than Vancouver.   That will be changing drastically as the carbon taxes are rolled out.\n\nSomewhere in their 80s they will/should be looking at moving into some sort of independent living facility ...', 'I would say that most people in today\'s world take religion with a grain of salt. That includes Muslims and non-Muslims. I sincerely hope this is the case, especially with the Bible\'s Old Testament. \n"If any man take a wife, and
    go in unto her, and hate her ... and say, I took this woman, and when I came to her, I found her not a maid: Then shall the father of the damsel, and her mother, take and bring forth the tokens of the damsel\'s virginity unto the elders of the city in the gate: And the damsel\'s father shall say ... these are the tokens of my daughter\'s virginity. And they shall spread the cloth before the elders of the city. ... But if this thing be true, and the tokens of virginity be not found for the
    damsel: Then they shall bring out the damsel to the door of her father\'s house, and the men of her city shall stone her with stones that she die. Deuteronomy 22:13-21"\nIf Christians took this literally, chances are that most of us would not exist!', 'Why retch? These things use far less fuel per passenger mile than the Alaska State Ferries that the greenies in Southeast seek to perpetuate.', "There is no doubt that getting Alberta's oil to tidewater is in the national interest, so an
    approval is certainly expected. It just depends how many hundreds of conditions T2 puts on it as to whether the pipeline will ever go ahead. They keep making a relatively simple thing like building a pipeline (especially where one already exists) as difficult as going to the moon and none will get built - but this is maybe what the Libs actually want.", 'Actually I am glad to see there is some common sense law enforcement happening here to shut down these dens of addiction.', "It might be a
    transit mall now, but there is no reason why it can't be converted to a pedestrian mall.  With free shuttles doing a loop up 15th and down 17th it would still be easy to move people from one end to the other.  It would also allow a better use of the place on the mall.", 'I vote for who I believe gives us the best chance to succeed regardless of party.', 'Get your facts straight. I have tried a murder case. I have also reviewed police officer personal files for potential disclosure to the
    defense in a different murder case. I know the law. You have made repeated assertions based on bad guess work. \n\nMy candidacy isn\'t because of one case. My candidacy is based on a DA\'s office which has repeatedly let down our community. \n\nAll crimes involving a victim could be construed as a "civil matter."  Official misconduct is a crime. Assault is a crime. Government officials should be held to the highest standard.', "The first statement proves you know nothing about history: the
    US Civil War was about maintaining slavery in the Confederate States. Other interpretations are just revisionist history and attempt to whitewash the ugly truth. \nTrump supporters are just uneducated dupes who believe Trump's disjointed thoughts and lies.", 'Well played sir!', 'The point here is there are various other sources of air contamination in public spaces that are far more harmful than second-hand marijuana smoke, and especially, second-hand vapor, if such a thing exists.  --
    Science has shown it is the last contributor you should be worried about.', 'you spelled "autochthonous" incorrectly according to my dictonary', "I agree with the article.\nDidn't know they spent $670,000,000 in 1967 for the 100 year party.\nBut wasn't that just before or during Pierre Trudeau's Power Trip spending money like a drunken sailor and then almost bankrupting our country through the 80's and early 90's. \nThen Paul Martin and Steve Harper had to straighten the financial mess out
    with all the forgotten cutbacks and tons of tax increases etc.\nA lot of people remember those times back then. At least Harper cut our taxes by at least 25% to give some of that wasteful money back once the financial debt mess was manageable.\nNow another Trudeau is in Power and yes again spending money like a drunken sailor and yes those tax increases will happen especially when interest rates go up and the future Fed's interest costs sky rocket.\nThe average person sure has a short
    memory.\n\nI am proudly Canadian and don't need to spend a lot of DEBT money just to know I am Canadian.\nEspecially when the Fed can't afford it\n3-4 years from now Ouch", 'It looks like the only thing that will be severed is Griffin\'s career. And true to form she is now playing the role of victim. \n"At a rambling press conference Friday, Griffin tearfully predicted her career is over and said Trump "broke me." -  MSN\nUh no, Ms. Griffin. Stop whining and accept the fact you are
    accountable for your own actions. You have no one to blame but yourself.', 'Private meetings with the Russians, attacks on the free press, this administration is selling our country down a dark deep hole.', "the condos are sold, I'm guessing they made their profit already. there are enough people to rent 147 rooms that funny enough don't give a ..... which hotel they stay in. I don't like mr.T, but the money is in the builders pockets already.", 'Lynn:  Breaking News!!!! Not all the homeless
    are "legitimately" homeless and would like to "get out" of those circumstances.  Not all of the homeless are "travelers" who have chosen the vagabond lifestyle and just want a "handout" to avoid having to work... IMO: The homeless population has component sub-groups and looking at them in a simplistic fashion as "all the same" is not constructive.  \n\nYou and I have had this conversation before.  I respect and appreciate your compassion.  However, I do feel you need to be a bit more
    realistic regarding the complexity of the issues involved.  again, my respect and regards, Gary Crum', "This is yet another Civil Beat article which FAILS to identify Djou as the founding father of HART who wrote and pushed the actual legislation which created HART.  Charles Djou certainly gave the rail project the blank check it desired, while we watched the project's pricetag triple between 2008 and today.  Djou was even pushing for HART's creation for two full years before it was
    ultimately established.  There's not a dime's worth of difference between Djou, Caldwell, or Carlisle.  All three wanted to give well-connected political appointees and a huge new bureaucracy the ability to fleece taxpayers on behalf of the Rail Cartel.", 'Kinda funny that the washington POSt has an article blaming someone for spreading propaganda. Hippocrates.', "SFI, your view is common and one of the reasons I wrote this article.  I'm also interested in where your stats are from and how
    you calculated that.  Nonetheless, interest sensitive stocks like utilities & pipelines get hurt pretty badly at times.\n\nThe bear market in the spring/summer of 1998 was particularly tough on interest sensitive stocks that were index heavyweights at the time in Canada.  The stocks you listed I bet were hit hard back then.. If memory serves these were also hit hard in 2002.  While dividend paying stocks held up well during the bust of the tech bubble - even making money for a while -
    eventually that bear market also broadened to hit just about everything (approx Apr through Sep 2002).\n\nIf holding these kinds of companies lets you rest easily - great.  But there are tradeoffs in every decision and you need to understand what those are in each case. I just doubt most are able to handle equity-heavy portfolios' ups & downs.", '"Medicare for All"? Does everyone pay a monthly premium? I do, and I\'ve paid into Medicare for 49 years. Do you have to get supplemental insurance
    to cover what "Medicare" doesn\'t? I do. And then there\'s prescription coverage. Does everyone have to get separate prescription coverage, or else pay full price? I do.\nI think "Medicare for All" is a misnomer. I think they should describe it as "Medicaid for All", because that\'s exactly what it\'ll be. Really crappy insurance for everyone, that everyone working will pay for. And for anyone who can, they will buy private insurance so they can get something decent.', 'This is particularly
    valuable information for almost every 71 year old in Canada.  It is an extremely efficient strategy to manage that pesky income tax.....everybody should give away that $60,000 RRIF payout mandated by the Government.', "That's because the Saudis showered him with the kind of shallow but gaudy, over the top materialism and praise that impresses him. He doesn't care about anything else. They are birds of a feather.", 'Invocation: "the summoning of a deity or the supernatural." Hey man, invoke
    Satan into assembly meetings? LoL he\'s obviously already there! What a bunch of looney tunes! I mean seriously, you can\'t make this stuff up ~ this should go national. "Alaskan community assemblies are invoking Satan via an occult member before Commission of meeting lol!!" For he that hath an ear let him listen.', "Thank you for writing about this. Though it isn't the most exciting piece of news, the pattern of hiding information from the citizens is disturbing. Many people wanted the rail
    (and many did not), but not at the current and future price tag. We all need to know why. Please persist in your reporting.", "The crowd I'm worried about is the one at the border.  Where's the wall. Why hasn't the bill for the wall been sent to Mexico?  Less golf more getting things done.", 'The article says "Domestic lumber companies have contended that harvests up north were aided by subsidies from the Canadian government"\n\nIronic.\n\nAmerican timber companies buying public timber from
    federal forests in the US are also aided by subsidies from the government.', 'Fluoridation depends on 70 years old science. In general, they refuse to red any CURRENT science (last 30 years). Certainly groups like "Quacks" follow the leader in condemning any science  slightly negative for fluoridation, much less those showing major health dangers. \n\nFluoride is the ONLY drug forced on all citizens (through the drinking water). It is the only drug not approved by the FDA because it was
    grandfathered in 70 years ago. It was on the market as a roach and rat poison.\n\nThe 70 year old science of forced fluoridation is simply wrong and dangerous, but other big money schemes with the wrong science hung on for years, like tobacco, DDT, lead in gasoline, and asbestos. We eventually learned the truth.\n\nSo, it will take some time to overcome the fluoridation scam, but 95% of the world and 97% of Europe have already done so.', "In a strong sense that's what the bishops are
    doing....politicking, and demagoguing aimed at keeping the SJW dollars coming into their dioceses, taking care of contribution shortfalls from \n\nThanks, that's a good way of looking at it.", 'This appeared on my computer when I signed in at the G&M yesterday:\n"Your account is currently restricted\nDue to repeated issues with voting, your account is limited to posting three comments per 24-hour restriction period"\nAnd I am going back to WW2 and cancelling retroactively my participation in
    the fight for freedom of the press.\n________________________________________________________\nSo this is one of my comments for today.\n\nThere are at least two things wrong with Charities and other organizations which have tax breaks.\nFirst,\nDonations are subsidized by all taxpayers thus they are a hidden tax. This is especially beneficial to the wealthy since they can donate more and thus get  a larger donation from taxpayers.\nSecond, \nThe organization with a tax break cannot lobby
    government for fear of losing their charitable status. That certainly twists democracy.\n\nIt would only be fair if ALL tax breaks including RRSPs and other financial instruments disappeared.', nan, 'The key paragraph in this article:\n"However the Legislature could spend the new funds anyway it pleased." \nOregon is in desperate need of new leadership who will work hard at pulling in the purse (PERS) strings and put a stop to the Unions who implement unrealistic  financial goals at the tax
    payers expense. Unions are nothing more than money hungry  public employee lobbyist promoting false legislation for their own benefit. \nVote Nay on M97 and vote in all who oppose it.', "It's a huge densely populated state with a lot of challenges.   On thing the top 2 seems to have done is getting candidate with a more moderate candidate.   Say, Democrats have only 1 weak candidiate the the Republicans have 2 candidates.    The top 2 are both Republicans.   Democrats are likely to vote for
    the least objectionable Republican, generally resulting in a more moderate candidate.    The theory is that it will make the legislature more effective over many election cycles. (more likely to seek a majority through negotiation)", 'You have given an explanation for why we have street gangs. They are following your advice and take their lives in their own hands. They show the same level of compassion as the police that hunt them. They even pay for their own guns and bullets. We pay for
    that stuff for the police. By your definition the police are socialists.', "You're kidding, right?  You do know a bill needs to actually pass to become a law?  That bill was passed by the House but never passed the Senate and was never signed by the President.  Even then, I don't see any provision in the text that makes overstaying a visa a criminal offense.  Might be wrong there, and if you'd like to point me to a particular section, I'd be happy to look at it.\n\nBy your own admission, the
    majority of people in this country illegally are here as a result of visa overstays, which is not a crime.  Locking someone up when they have not committed a crime (and are not suspected of having committed crime) is a violation of the United States Constitution.", 'Will you change your opinion if he is found to be mentally ill?', "The americans  had a better team working on it. Also, sane people were working \nhard to hinder them. What's that movie where Norwegian resistors blew up a ferry
    full of Norwegians because it had heavy water aboard?", 'STOP all Immigration into U.S.A.~~~!\nBUILD the Mexico Border WALL~~!', 'Boyd initiated the conversation, so his statements should remain in evidence.', "too bad kennedy and army failed to recognize the importance of someone articulating thoughts of suicide. hernandez may have fell deeper into depression when he did not receive any response to his suicide threat.\n.\nthe prison staff who censor all mail and letters in and out of
    prisoners' cells may have failed the most in this incident. they are supposed to be trained in recognizing emotional changes especially suicide tendencies when expressed by inmates. \n.", 'Your description could be used word for word for HRC. So, given that both Hillama and tRump may be cut from the same cloth, it seems logical that we should ignore all of both of their issues and vote according to what we believe, HOPE, they will do going forward.\nFor me it boils down to the Supremes.
    Gotta go, unenthusiastically, with the Rumpster on this one.', 'This will be a good test of Amendment 71.', "Patrick Brown does not support an energy policy that will and is destroying the province of Ontario. No one can match Wynne's level of disregard for the people of Ontario - Who cares about what happens to working families, right Wynne? As long as you get to go to your fancy functions and tell the world how green we are on Ontario - Horrible woman. Horrible Liberals. Horrible policies.
    Don't make excuses for the Liberals. This was all their doing. It will take time to fix for sure, but some one else need to be in charge ASAP.", '"The police have their hands tied".  Every time EPD gets tough on the low lifes downtown, they are chastised, sued and cooked over the RG barbeque.  I spent time in Chicago a while back and I would much rather spend the day in "The Loop" than downtown Eugreen.  Ad hominem was right on spot.  Either let the cops get tough on the troublemakers
    downtown or quit whining about it.  You can\'t expect the problem folks to avoid the area by using fur lined handcuffs, slapping their hands and telling them to play nice, maybe they need a little roughing up to get them to avoid downtown.  Just like the bum that whacked the lady with his beer can, how has arresting him over and over worked out.  If you make it uncomfortable, they won\'t come.', 'There are many, including those wearing collars and mitres, who have replaced God with men, with
    an institution.  This is clear from the statements of the institution, and from the comments of many on this board. Obey - that\'s their mantra and that of those whom they follow.  So why did God bother to give everyone a mind and conscience if we were simply to "obey" men, men who are very often very wrong. They seem to forget also, that Jesus and his disciples were not Roman Catholics.', 'I think it was two years ago Don filed a bill to get cannabis off the #1 designation, it failed maybe
    it will go better now. Credit where credit is due.', 'Speaking of someone only in it for the money, another reality show "star" with little intelligence should fit right in withthe new POTUS.', '8%? Are these guys high? Who gets 8%?', "Sorry to all the people defending Trump but you're wrong. Accepting the presidency means putting up with attacks, political and personal,  like Obama did so graciously, without demeaning the office and embarrassing the country. \nTrump was annoyed by MSM
    coverage, but he focused all his frustration on a woman in a disturbing misogynistic attack. The power imbalance constitutes bullying.  Trump has set a terrible example for young American males.", "Lisa Murkowski, please tell us - your constituents, what you learned from your meeting with Merrick Garland that has cemented YOUR decision to not hold a hearing?  Before speculation, we'd like to hear from you.", 'Under the deep ecology thumb I would guess.', "It's awful. A beloved cousin of mine
    died last Winter, leaving a husband and daughter who are also struggling.  And even so, I've got to note the recent shift in tone with respect to drug abuse. In the '80s and '90s it was all about the moral depravity of those caught up in the crack crisis. I don't recall there being much attention paid to the economic and social struggles of those afflicted. Instead, we changed our laws so we could charge and sentence mentally retarded children as adults, built prisons for profit, and
    militarized the policing of suffering neighborhoods. \n\nI'm glad there's a general will to see people caught up in opioid addiction as human beings. But I am saddened to think that they are being extended that consideration primarily because so many of them are White (USA Today reports it at 90%) I will celebrate more heartily when that  same compassion and sense societal responsibility is brought to bear on  problems afflicting communities of color.", 'Make sure your "selective service"
    cards are filled out BOYS and GIRLS. Obama just opened the doors to draft women, probably for a very good reason.\n\nA good world conflict is what the economy needs. Trump as a business man knows this.\n\nInvesting in anything military is a good thing. Failing that, anything related to funeral services. The millennial generation will be taught the meaning of serving their country and earning their entitlements.\n\nChina does have a lot of bullet catchers, and the US does have a lot of
    expendable population as well.', 'With Hillary as the nominee, the Dems have a lot to worry about in this election. Can she beat Donald Trump? We are going to find out. Many are very very doubtful, and he is gaining ground against here in all the latest polling, in some cases he is up by 10, in others he is only up by 4.']
